I'm Peppa Pig.
This is my little brother, George.
This is Mummy Pig.
And this is Daddy Pig.
Peppa pig.
Muddy Puddles.
It is raining today.
So, Peppa and George
Cannot play outside.
Daddy, it's stopped raining.
can we go out to play?
Alright, run along you two.
Peppa loves jumping in muddy puddles.
I love muddy puddles.
Peppa. lf you jump in muddy puddles,
you must wear your boots.
Sorry, Mummy.
George likes to jump
in muddy puddles, too.
George. lf you jump in muddy puddles,
you must wear your boots.
Peppa likes to look after
her little brother, George.
George, let's find some more puddles.
Peppa and George are
having a lot of fun.
Peppa has found a little puddle.
George has found a big puddle.
Look, George. There's
a really big puddle.
George wants to jump
into the big puddle first.
Stop, George.
I must Check if it's safe for you.
Good. It is safe for you.
Sorry, George. It's only mud.
Peppa and George love
jumping in muddy puddles.
come on, George.
Let's go and show Daddy.
Goodness me.
Daddy. Daddy.
Guess what we've been doing.
Let me think...
Have you been
watching television?
No. No. Daddy.
Have you just had a bath?
No. No.
I know. You've been
jumping in muddy puddles.
Yes. Yes. Daddy. We've been
Ho. Ho. And look at
the mess you're in.
Oooh...
Oh, well, it's only mud.
Let's Clean up quickly
before Mummy sees the mess.
Daddy, when we've Cleaned up,
will you and Mummy
Come and play, too?
Yes, we Can all play
in the garden.
Peppa and George are wearing their boots.
Mummy and Daddy
are wearing their boots.
Peppa loves jumping
up and down in muddy puddles.
Everyone loves jumping
Oh, Daddy pig,
look at the mess you're in.
It's only mud.
I'm Peppa Pig.
This is my little brother, George.
This is Mummy Pig.